Add throttling details (#764)
elastic/synthetics: docs/throttling.md

> ### Background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Network throttling in Elastic Synthetics
```
If this doc is to be consumed by customers, suggesting a clearer title to set the context right.

> We have had to disable network throttling in Synthetics for browser based monitors. This is intended to be a temporary measure until we can release an update in the future to enable it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have disabled network throttling in Synthetics for browser-based monitors. This is a temporary measure and throttling will become available in a future update.
```
Slightly simplified. "Future" is quite vague and could sound like 'next year'. If we have an approximate idea, we could reassure users by for example saying "will become available in the coming weeks".

Author: Taken your suggestion (we don't have an estimate of time unfortunately so will have to leave this vague)

> ⚠️ please be aware that your monitors may run more quickly (i.e. have a lower duration) with network throttling disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ With network throttling being disabled, note that your monitors may run more quickly (i.e. have a lower duration) than what your users would experience in real conditions on average.
```
I took a guess here to complete the sentence and clarify the purpose of this warning, feel free to ignore or correct. We should state why it's important to mention that monitors would run more quickly, what's the consequence?

Author: @florent-leborgne thanks for the suggestion.  I'd rather avoid suggesting a link to real user performance, because Synthetics is about a relative measure of performance (where as RUM is more about real user performance), however I appreciate your point.  How about something like this:

> ⚠️ With network throttling being disabled, note that your monitors may run more quickly (i.e. have a lower duration) than you observed previously, and when network throttling is enabled again in the future.

Reviewer: Ok this makes perfect sense to me! Thanks

Author: @florent-leborgne updated - would you mind giving the PR an approve?

### Current status

* Elastic’s global managed testing infrastructure

>   * Network throttling disabled in all locations from ~21:00 GMT 09 May 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Network throttling disabled for all locations from ~21:00 GMT 09 May 2023
```

  * All network throttling configurations defined for your monitors are ignored
* Private Locations (provided through Elastic Agent)
  * Versions prior to 8.8.0 have network throttling enabled (based on your monitor configuration)
  * Private Locations running on Elastic Agent from 8.8.0 onwards have network throttling disabled
    * All network throttling configurations defined for your monitors are ignored

### Changes

> * ~21:00 GMT 09 May 2023 - network throttling disabled for all browser monitors running on Elastic’s global managed testing infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ~21:00 GMT 09 May 2023 - Network throttling disabled for all browser monitors running on Elastic’s global managed testing infrastructure
```
